general QoL updates from server experience (#1688)
hacks-guide/Guide_3DS: _pages/en_US/installing-boot9strap-(fredtool).txt

1. Scroll left until reel "1/3" is selected
1. Tap the fourth box with the letter "A" in it
1. If the exploit was successful, your device will have loaded b9sTool
1. Using the D-Pad, move to "Install boot9strap"
1. Press (A), then press START and SELECT at the same time to begin the process

> 1. Once completed, exit b9sTool, then power off your device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once completed and the bottom screen says "done.", exit b9sTool, then power off your device
```

1. Use the (A) button and the D-Pad to turn on the following:
  + **"Show NAND or user string in System Settings"**
1. Press (Start) to save and reboot

>   + Your device should load the Home Menu after a short delay. If you get a *consistent* black screen, [follow this troubleshooting guide](troubleshooting#black-screen-on-sysnand-boot-after-installing-boot9strap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + Your device should load the Home Menu after a short delay. If you get a black screen lasting longer than 5 minutes, [follow this troubleshooting guide](troubleshooting#black-screen-on-sysnand-boot-after-installing-boot9strap)
```
5 or 10 minutes should be fine, this would alleviate some of the lumabug issues.
